index.md, before:

---
title: Home
layout: home
---

This is a *bare-minimum* template to create a Jekyll site that uses the [Just the Docs] theme. You can easily set the created site to be published on [GitHub Pages] – the [README] file explains how to do that, along with other details.

If [Jekyll] is installed on your computer, you can also build and preview the created site *locally*. This lets you test changes before committing them, and avoids waiting for GitHub Pages.[^1] And you will be able to deploy your local build to a different platform than GitHub Pages.

More specifically, the created site:

- uses a gem-based approach, i.e. uses a `Gemfile` and loads the `just-the-docs` gem
- uses the [GitHub Pages / Actions workflow] to build and publish the site on GitHub Pages

Other than that, you're free to customize sites that you create with this template, however you like. You can easily change the versions of `just-the-docs` and Jekyll it uses, as well as adding further plugins.

[Browse our documentation][Just the Docs] to learn more about how to use this theme.

To get started with creating a site, just click "[use this template]"!

----

[^1]: [It can take up to 10 minutes for changes to your site to publish after you push the changes to GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/creating-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll#creating-your-site).

[Just the Docs]: https://just-the-docs.github.io/just-the-docs/
[GitHub Pages]: https://docs.github.com/en/pages
[README]: https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs-template/blob/main/README.md
[Jekyll]: https://jekyllrb.com
[GitHub Pages / Actions workflow]: https://github.blog/changelog/2022-07-27-github-pages-custom-github-actions-workflows-beta/
[use this template]: https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs-template/generate

Commit message:

Created home, asset template & component template

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
has_children: true
nav_order: 1
---

# NH Assets Introduction

This is an intial demo of how the ADMM of National Highways could be displayed using GitHub Pages with example templates showing Assets entries; including a description, their sub-class, asset and componenets (where applicable).

## 

This is version 0.1, created 22 December 2022

## NH Data Assets 

The following is taken from the [Standards for Highways Website](https://standardsforhighways.co.uk/ha/standards/admm/index.htm)

For each asset entry there is:

- Asset Class Hierarchy – an overview of the asset class hierarchy. This takes on of the following forms:
    - Asset Class – Asset Subclass – Asset
    - Asset-Component Relationship

For each asset entry (excluding Drainage, Roadside Operational Technology and Structures asset classes):

- Description – a textual description detailing the asset, matching the description found in the Data Dictionary.

- An example image – a generic example image demonstrating the asset (this may be further highlighted to specify the asset in context).

- Asset Code – the four-digit code, referencing the asset within the Data Dictionary.

- Asset Class/Subclass –the class and subclass the asset belongs to, indicative of its relationship to a group of other assets as set out in the Data Dictionary, and the relevant procedures, rules, and personnel.

- Asset Geometry – i.e. Point, Line, or Polygon: this corresponds to the geospatial reference data for the asset and gives an idea of the space it occupies in the real world.
    - Assets that occupy a single location are considered Point (e.g. Sign Face, Reference Marker Locations, Bollards, etc.)
